The Joe Rogan experience. I wanted to get back to something you said earlier,
you said the way restaurants were before the food network. Yeah.
Like what happened?
You know,
I think food network and food shows in general are a great thing. You know,
it empowers people to cook and there's all different levels.
And I think it's the, the greatest thing. And also has given us a chefs,
a platform to do some incredible things too,
but there was a different type of motivation between,
between the cooks in the kitchen and a good number of the cooks
today. So before, you know, there wasn't celebrity, um,
involved. So you were there for the reason, for the love, the art of it,
where as nowadays, I'm not going to say everybody because I cook with,
and I know there's plenty of people that are very serious about it. It's about,
about the craft of putting in the hours, the repetition,
that doesn't make sense until all of a sudden you're doing something without
thinking about it. And that's what it was like really before. Um, we were just,
everybody was in the kitchen was there because they loved cooking.
Not, not for any reason of celebrity or,
or whatever it is. So it, it really, it did change good, you know,
patients like, so people like the progression would be like, oh,
you work as a line cook for three to four years. And then, you know, you're,
then you're a sous chef for a number of years. And then you're a chef and,
you know, there was a progression.
And then when the whole thing came along and then it was,
everybody was like from culinary school to chef, you know,
they wanted to jump right into it. And.
Are,
do you think there's a significant number of people that are actually getting
into cooking to become famous?
There was something about it. Yeah, there's an allure. I mean, it,
that it has a, it has a thing, I don't know,
not the term famous is a little bit different. I'd say like notoriety,
in other words, they're like ready to show like, Hey, I can do this,
but with cooking, the there's a certain number of hours. You just,
you cannot avoid, you have to put this in, you have to have the knife in that,
in your hand for thousands and thousands of hours before you really are starting
to cook, because it's easy to do a dish,
but it's difficult to do a dish and to cook, you know,
consistently with all the different things,
getting thrown at you like this Corona virus thing, like, okay,
how do you adapt? How are you resilient? You know, how can you bounce back?
How do you understand? Like,
no matter what I'm going to get this dish up at nine o'clock,
if that customer wants it at nine, o'clock not anything else.
W well, I think we're, we're rapidly moving towards opening up the country. Um,
it's going to happen extremely fast over the next few weeks. Um,
so yeah. Um,
something that would be helpful just to add from an informational level is, um,
when reporting, uh,
sort of COVID cases to separate out diagnosed with COVID
versus, uh, had COVID like symptoms. Yes. Um,
because the, the list of,
of symptoms that could be covered at this point is like a mile long.
So it's like hard to, if you're ill at all, it's like you could recover it.
So we're just, just to give you a better information,
definitely diagnosed with COVID or had COVID like symptoms we're
conflating those two. So that one that it looks bigger than it is then,
uh, if somebody dies is COVID a,
a primary cause of the death or not. Uh, I mean,
if you, I mean, if somebody has COVID gets eaten by a shark, um,
we find their arm, their arm has COVID,
it's gonna get recorded as a COVID death.
Is that real? Not, not that bad, but heart attacks, strokes,
you get hit by a bus cancer.
If you, if you get hit by a bus, go to the, the hospital and die,
and they find that you have COVID, you will be recorded as a COVID debt.
Why would they do.
That though?
Well, right now the,
so the road is hell is the road to hell is paved with good intentions. I mean,
it's mostly paid with bad intentions, but there is, you know,
some good intentions paving stones in there too. Um, and the,
the, the stimulus bill that was intended to help, uh,
with the hospitals that were being overwrought with, with, with COVID patients,
uh, created an incentive to record something as good as COVID.
That is difficult to say no to,
especially if your hospital's going bankrupt, for lack of other patients.
So the hospitals are in a bind right now. There's a bunch of hospitals.
They're following doctors, as you were mentioning, there are, you know,
they're your hospital's half full you're. It's hard, hard to make ends meet.
So now you've got like, you know, I just check this box. I get $8,000,
put them on a ventilator for five minutes, I get $39,000 or,
or I got to fire some doctors.
So what's the what's tough moral quandary is like, what? Where are you can do.
So nice to be semi normal again? Yes.
For shore restrictions.
It's supposed to be lifting up here in Los Angeles on Friday,
which means nothing for us, for comedians.
It means something for like some re retail, some other stuff,
but they're doing it nice and slow.
And did you see the list of that the governor's office put out of stuff you're
allowed to do? You should pull that up Jamie. Cause it is.
It's quite hilarious. First of all, it's, it's kind of condescending.
It's it's like treating you, like you're a moron,
like here's things you're allowed to do.
One of them that I thought it was hilarious. It said soft martial arts. Yeah.
It did say Tai Chi, this is you'll have to do this.
That's how soft martial arts? No, like, why can't you do,
why can't you shadow box? Can you do that?
Or it's only locate if you do things that don't work,
like you're saying martial martial art, or this, an art of war, right.
And Thai cheese. It is, uh, it's more,
much more of a meditation than it is an art of war.
I think it's very beneficial, but like, look at it. Test athletics. Number one.
What does that mean? Badminton. Singles,
singles throwing a ball, a baseball, softball stop.
Here's the problem with that? Yeah. If you're throwing a baseball,
you're basically shaking hands and you're doing it with an organic skin. Right?
Baseball. The outside of it is cow skin. You could throw a ball by yourself,
but that's not what they're saying now. Right? That's sort of sad.
You're going to throw it, throw it and go pick it up.
Throwing balls to yourself in the park.
BMX biking. Okay. Thank you. You're allowed to canoe singles. Oh,
look it. Specifies. What singles are they.
Talking about? Crabbing. Like.
Crab walk. No, like catching crabs. You can go crabbing like fishing. No,
that's what it means. Oh, you can go crabbing people do it all the time.
Oh yeah. In California. Not here, but in Northern California. It's a big deal.
Yeah. I've done it before you catch a blue crabs. I think they are.
I think they're blue. Mine. What species they are,
but you catch them off the piers.
Like there's a lot of areas around San Francisco where people catch crabs.
Um, it's really big in like, uh, like Maryland and you know,
like those guys love crabbing. Oh. And in Alaska too,
they do a lot of credits and things. It.
Was just the California list. That's why I was like, I didn't.
They must have I'm in the oceans right here. Uh, gardening, not in groups.
Oh, you can explore rock pools. Thank you. Oh, wow.
Well, you can only do that.
Malibu, but you can't get to the beach.
It's closed cycling golf singles. Walking.
No cart, Tony. Oh my gosh. You can't have a cart.
Why can't I have a cart? What if is my cart? I can't take the cart.
It's electric. It doesn't even hurt the environment. Like what is, uh,
why can't I take the cart or.
Why can't they clean it? Wipe? Is there.
A logic to that? Let's stop a bit of it's your cart. Is there a logic to that?
And how is it any different than the cart at the supermarket?
Like that getting passed around like a cheap ho, but that lady,
that new press secretary, she has sent that video, dude. She's a gangster.
Have you seen that video?
Never seen someone more prepared for a question in your life. Jamie, do you,
have you seen that? I'm talking about.
Small point on that. Not the big point, but small point.
She was so prepared for.
Yes. That's what I'm saying. Well, she's supposed to be prepared. I said,
you've never seen someone know why they're there because they're prepared
and you know why they're prepared because they're trying to play. Gotcha.
So she played gotcha with them. She checked me.
She came in there with that Elon Musk flame play that video. Play that video.
Like Leonardo DiCaprio. You're on you're on the other side. No, I was saying,
Hey, listen, jumps.
In. I almost was saying that. It seems like she.
Was working with that reporter to say, Hey, feed me this so I can on everybody.
No, that guy got, cause that does happen. That guy was yelling. He was like, no,
you were ready for this. Hold on, hold on.
What do you just see yourself if served up a softball so she could fire off the
machine? No, no, no. He didn't. That's not what he did at all.
Like I tried to play gotcha. With her. Do you want to take your word back?
Because she said that Trump is not going to let the coronavirus coming to the
country. And what she's saying,
the reason why they're shutting down a travel from Asia is because they're
worried about the coronavirus coming to the country and Trump's not going to let
that happen. So they, they tried to take what she said and,
and take it out of context or frame it while she was saying that Trump is
not going to let the country get infected by the Corona virus.
What she's trying to say is that she,
he's not going to have free travel where people have Corona virus,
because it's going to bring the virus in.
Not that it's the only way the virus is going to get here.
The virus got here anyway, but it came with the fire guys said,
are you going to take that by first of all, it's a question.
Like all those journalists take kind of in the first place.
They're trying so hard to have these moments where they,
they play. Got ya. But when did, when did these journalists,
quippy and journalists become like trolls off Reddit,
like some of their questions to Trump.
That's why Trump goes so hard in the paint on them. I know,
but he goes too hard. The problem is there's too much. There's too much.
Here's too much about what they think a lion should not be so concerned about
the opinion of sheep. Correct. And that's, it's not,
it's not becoming of someone who's in such a powerful position to the precedent
that guy's a writer for the way she handled it though. Oh my God.
She just dropped a phone with sexy, sexy,
wildly coyote with a TNT. Boom. She was like, you ready? You want to do it now?
Yeah. And then she had a big smile and walked off as they're trying to say.
And he's like, you prepared for that. She went, thank you. Have a good day.
Oh gee,
you think she prepared for it with all those stats that she read right in front
of you.